Matthew, why did the negotiations with the sunlight could fail?
It's Elisa's fault.
If she hadn't skipped work that day, we could have succeeded.
How is it her fault? Please give me a reasonable explanation.
I heard someone saw Mr. Hawthorne entering her hotel room the night before Elisa skipped work.
What? What did you say to me?
It is absolutely true.
Not only did she cause our failure, but she dared to seduce Mr. Hawthorne when you were away.
Matthew, you know how important our negotiations with the sunlight group is.
And since it is your subordinate's fault, you know what to do with Elisa.
Mr. Shird, I know what to do.
Last night, with Lush and Elisa, I couldn't sleep at all.
Elisa, is this how you do your job? Look what trouble you brought us.
It is because of you that we lost the project with the sunlight group. You're fired.
Mr. Clark, I was only in charge of the initial budget, not the negotiations.
I don't understand how this could be my fault.
Did you forget about your unexcused absence last time?